[roars]
[cries]
[CHIHO] Please, Hii.
Try your best to be quiet.
[MAOU]
Just look at that thing.
We need a plan.
Get out of here.
Take the others
and go find Kazuma.
Emi and I will handle the bear.
Sir.
Please, follow me.
Here goes nothing
All we have to do
is scare it away.
What, are you gonna
sumo the damn thing?
Shooting from the hip here!
You could help, ya know!
[KAZUMA]
Hinako! Hitoshi!
Huh? What's she doing?
Huh? Awesome, now they
totally think I'm a freak.
Cool!
Mama is so cool!
She made Mister Bear go "Bleh!"
[URUSHIHARA] Check it!
Somebody made the news.
"Woman working at
local farm wrestles bear
and miraculously
sends it flying."
Weird, I wonder
who gave them the story.
[EMI whines]
[distant chatter]
[HINAKO]
We don't know anything about it.
You all should go.
Come on.
You're lucky nobody
snapped a picture of you.
You'd have to flee the country
to avoid those hacks.
This sucks!
I never would've had to wrestle
the damn bear in the first place
if it weren't for that stupid
horny toad of a driver!
Please, friends,
keep yourselves calm.
We'd hate to concern our hosts.
[URUSHIHARA, EMI]
Hmm?
Hello, sir.
Yusa.
Let's talk.
[KAZUMA]
You protected the people I love.
I am forever in your debt.
Huh? Uh. No prob.
Rest up.
You've more than
deserved it, after all.
[sighs]
If he had chosen to pry
about your uncanny strength,
I was prepared to tamper
with his memories.
On his behalf,
neither he nor the good Hinako
has disclosed the details
of the brawl to me,
therefore I'm confident they
wouldn't do so to the press.
Perhaps that's
all thanks to Chiho.
Their worries might be deterred
by the fact that you're friends.
Makes sense.
On the whole, you'll make it
out of this unscathed,
though you now have the
nickname "Bear-Buster."
[EMI] Huh? Excuse-me-I'm-sorry-
I-beg-your-pardon,
who is calling me what?
[laughs] "Bear-Buster"!
[growls]
Um. No fear.
Merely the Devil
and Alciel are using it.
[EMI growls]
I'll kill them
with my Bear hands!
Please postpone your fury!
They're out with Manji,
and your bloodlust might
scare the country folk!
Come on, Bel, let go!
And have you seen Alas Ramus?
Crap, what if she's with them?
She's downstairs!
The children are napping!
Worry not!
[EMI]
Oh, I'm worrying!
Can you imagine it?
That sweet baby voice saying.
"I love you, Bear-Buster.
Sweet dreams, Bear-Buster!"
You've been bustin' demons all
over the place for years now.
I don't get the big deal.
Shut up or I'll
"bust" your fat head! Hya!
Think this is the last one.
Great, thank you for your help.
[ASHIYA]
Mister Manji!
I've completed
the bulk of the weeding.
[MANJI]
Roger that.
Great work today, boys.
[MAOU] Hope things
go smoothly from here.
[MANJI] They should, I'm just
gettin' too old for this.
I wish I could retire and
leave it in Kazuma's hands,
but there's no way.
I can't let up when he and
Yumiko are working so hard.
Wait, Yumiko, too?
That's right.
My wife's the one responsible
for expanding the family
enterprise in the first place.
She inspired our son to study
business and
agriculture in Tokyo.
[MAOU]
Wow.
With them on board, we're doing
three times the business
we did back in my dad's day.
[MAOU]
Three times?
Impressive!
[MANJI] Kazuma borrowed some
solar panels from his university
and put 'em on the land
that we can't farm.
He headed an initiative
to sell organic veggies
straight to Tokyo restaurants.
We used to throw away
misshapen produce,
but he packages it up
and sells it at a discount.
[ASHIYA] Ahh...
Are those panels over there
the ones you mentioned?
[MANJI]
Yes, those are them!
The electricity they generate
runs the fans inside
our greenhouses.
They're hugely important
when it comes to maintaining
temperature and humidity.
Those panels give us
the power to grow so much.
Science is great, isn't it?
[MAOU]
It all makes sense.
I think I understand why the
demon realm warred nonstop
before I united it.
Why's that, Sire?
[MAOU] With enough magic
in the atmosphere,
demons don't need to eat.
That's why there was no society.
We didn't need to produce food.
[MANJI]
Hey!
We should head on back!
You don't want your dinner
to get cold, now do ya?
I'd rather it be warm.
Something's up.
No one's safe, I hear there
are victims in Miyada, too.
[MANJI]
Hey, neighbor!
What's going on?
[ONDA]
Hello, Manji. Perfect timing.
Huh?
I don't think I've had the honor
of meeting these fellows.
Well, then, allow
me to introduce you
to Maou and Ashiya.
They're part-timers
Senichi recommended.
Meet Mister Onda, neighborhood
association president.
[ONDA] I guess you
guys aren't suspects, then.
Someone's been robbing
fields in the area.
And it looks like
they're going after fruit.
[gasping]
[MAOU] He said they've
stolen high-value fruits,
like watermelons,
and region-specific
or specialty vegetables.
And they take a ton.
The Sasakis raise watermelons
and specialty tomatoes.
[URUSHIHARA]
Yep, it's made the news.
No front pages, though.
Let's patrol the farm tonight
and catch 'em ninja style?
With all these fields, it's way
too much ground to cover.
Plus, it's impossible to
know exactly whether or not
the culprit
will be here tonight.
That's true.
On top of that, we do have
an early morning tomorrow.
We wouldn't want
to wear ourselves out
patrolling the
grounds for nothing.
Hey, Chi.
Have Kazuma and the others
mentioned anything about a plan?
They said that they'll think
about countermeasures.
But no, nothing
concrete like that.
That face.
What are you thinking?
[MAOU]
Okay, hear me out.
The crimes have
all happened in a week.
They must have some safe place
where they can sell
the goods quickly.
To steal from fields,
they'd need a vehicle.
A pickup would blend
in but expose the cargo.
An 18-wheeler might work.
But it would be super easy
to track down.
Let's cut to the chase,
Sherlock.
[MAOU] Do I have
to spell it out for you?
The car we saw today.
It'd be the perfect for lowlifes
on the prowl for produce.
Don't you think?
You wouldn't be able
to see it at night.
It's big, so it can carry a lot.
And it didn't seem to have
trouble driving on dirt roads.
You might actually be correct.
It's just a hypothesis.
But if it turns out I'm right,
tonight's the night
they'll show up.
They wouldn't expect us to be
in the out pitch-black fields
after there was
a bear attack today.
Come sundown, the Sasaki farm
will be their ideal
hunting ground.
What'll they want?
Watermelons?
Maybe, But I'm sure
they grow plenty of crops
that we haven't seen yet.
I heard about some
organic vegetables.
You think they might
be after those?
Emi, Suz, could you
fly up above the farm?
Might help to get
a birds-eye view.
Yeah, nah.
Sure, we can fly, but it's not
like we have night vision.
And people seeing us up in
the sky would be real bad news.
Yeah, you're right.
Ay, yo, Geek Squad!
Doesn't that one search engine
have super-detailed maps?
Gimme a break, grandpa.
Those maps aren't, like,
updated in real time.
Should we stake it out?
Maybe we should ask someone
who actually knows the land.
Whoever these thieves may be,
they tried to goad a bear
into mauling me and Emi.
They don't have any problem
with hurting people
to get their hands
on what they want.
We can't let the Sasakis get
any more involved in this.
But we might be able
to turn the tables
if Emi or Suz
scares 'em straight
with some celestial force.
How do you propose
that we keep watch?
The land's too vast for us five.
That's without counting
good Chiho, of course.
Oh, awesome, that means
you're counting me.
We'll patrol the areas
we are familiar with. Yes?
[MAOU]
That might be our best option.
But first, let's think
about which routes
that car could take.
Did someone just say routes?
How long have you been there?
When did you--?
I didn't sense
her presence at all.
Did you hear anything?
Any weird stuff?
[EI] Well, hun,
I don't need hearing aids yet.
But don't you worry
your little heads,
your secret is safe with me.
I won't tell anyone the plan.
Wait, really?
[EI] The details went right over
my head, and I don't have
the energy to go blabbin'
people's secrets anymore.
Maybe you aren't quite
typical folks like Chiho or me.
But it's clear that
you have good hearts,
and that you want
to protect my family.
How could anything else matter?
Thank you for all you've
done for us already.
You. Show me what
you're looking at there.
Uh, yes, ma'am.
[EI]
You got a pen?
Yes.
[EI] This path intersects with
the biggest road on the farm.
Right over here is where
you had that grisly run-in
with the bear.
The only places a big car
could get through
are here, here,
and all the way over here.
Geography Grandma!
[EI]
That would put them closest
to the watermelons and
the tomato greenhouse.
That's excellent.
It's much simpler with
just two locations, right?
We shall split up into groups.
One with Suzuno,
and one with Yusa.
Slow down a sec.
What about this spot?
My bet?
It'll get hit.
Dude, that's not even a field.
[URUSHIHARA] Exactly,
it's a way better target
than a bunch of
nasty vegetables.
You could store them
until it's safe to sell,
and they won't go bad.
What do you mean?
We're lost.
Just think.
Even at dirt-cheap prices,
they'd bring in some dough.
Way more dough than a few dozen
vegetables ever could.
You guys got to see
them up close, yeah?
We saw them earlier today.
With the right tools, even
an amateur could remove them.
They would fit in that car.
I'd say they're
about tatami mat size.
So, not too big.
And you could stack them up.
Wait a second.
Do you mean--?
Uh-huh.
And if they get away with them,
everything growing
in those greenhouses
is virtually garbage.
They want the
most valuable thing here.
The solar panels
[SUZUNO]
Why must I be paired with you?
Is it so bad?
Since Urushihara's
our resident tech wiz,
we needed to station
him by the panels.
That puts you with me or Ashiya,
two stellar options.
[SUZUNO]
Without your magic,
you add as much value to
a fight as these vegetables.
[car approaching]
[SUZUNO]
A vehicle!
It looked like a normal pickup.
But I should text
Emi just in case.
You're going to have to explain
how your lifeless corpse
will have the ability
to text anyone!
Chill out! Don't smush me!
That was completely my fault,
and I'm sorry, just don't
crack me like a melon.
I'm begging you--!
Why's that car driving so slow?
They're searching for something.
They stopped!
Second Sight.
It's too dark to make 'em out.
Got it, there's
four people up there.
Why did you stop me?
[MAOU]
We need to watch them for a bit.
I guarantee they're after
more than a watermelon.
[SUZUNO]
You sure?
I am.
I have no doubt that's them.
We need to tell Emi.
The produce pirates pulled up.
Yup, that's definitely the car.
One of them is
holding something.
Some kind of tool.
Two guys are holding
the panel steady.
[MITSURU]
Ready?
[EMI]
It's off!
[ASHIYA]
Fools! Stay where you are!
Tell me.
Who gave you permission to
handle the Sasaki's property?
Put the panel down, scoundrels!
So quick to abandon
their comrade.
[EMI]
Divine Boots of Light.
[URUSHIHARA]
Agent Chiho, you read me?
Yeah.
Headed that way in a SUV.
Looks like it's
some foreign make.
They're on Route 49 headed
toward the bridge by Kappakan.
No way Emi lets them cross.
Let the cops know.
Ayo, Bel.
The target is on the run,
headed for the kappa museum.
Happy hunting.
What happens now?
If Mitsuru gets arrested,
we're screwed!
Shut up!
We'll get to the highway,
ditch the car,
and get the hell outta here.
Mitsuru isn't
the toughest loss, ya--
Look where you're going, man!
[screaming]
[HIRO] Guys,
I think I might've hit her!
Who? A big tanuki?
No! A chick!
She was even wearing a kimono!
In the movies, a kimono is
a sure-fire sign of a ghost.
We gotta get the
hell outta here!
I think we're stuck
on something.
One of you guys
get out there and check!
I guess I can do it.
J-Just don't ditch me.
[TETSU]
Kimono ghost lady!
[SUZUNO]
Resistance is futile!
[HIRO] I'm way too freakin'
young to die. I'm sorry farmers!
I'm sorry!
No payday is worth this crap!
We've gotta jump down and--
Hey, man? Has the
roof always been lumpy, or--?
[screaming]
Did you really think you
could escape me?
You think lives are
worth risking for cash?
Well, your asses
are about to be my ATM.
Ugh, gross!
Bye!
That coward won't
make it very far.
How dare a cretin like
this piss in my presence?
At least there's
no fecal matter.
What's going on?
[police sirens]
Crap!
[MAOU]
I hope you're not dumb enough
to think this is "bad luck."
You brought this on yourself.
We only stole to survive.
But you and your little friends
stole out of greed.
Without a care in the world
about the people you're hurting.
If I had let you
make a clean getaway,
you never would've given them
another thought, would you?
What a shame.
That greed.
It's rotting your heart
from the inside out.
Demon! Augh!
Whatever remains
of your measly life,
will be spent atoning for
carelessly harming others.
Same way I'll spend mine.
[KAZUMA] Maou and
the others caught the thieves?
You're certain they got them,
and they're all right?
Well, I can feel a cold energy
from down in the valley.
At the very least, it's over.
Ah! There they are!
How did they manage it?
[EI] I saw folks like them
all the time in my day.
But now that our lives are
so much safer and easier,
I reckon there's no need
for people to be born
with special powers
like there used to be.
[COP]
Goodnight.
[CHIHO] You had me worried
for a second there!
Good grief.
I'm so glad you're all okay!
Thanks for all your help!
Chin up.
Whoever they are,
they protected your wife and son
and saved the farm.
But more than that, it's clear
our Chiho trusts them.
Let's leave it at that.
Well, if Chiho trusts them,
then the best thing we can
do is put 'em to work
like usual tomorrow morning.
[DELIVERY GUY]
You have a delivery!
Signature, please.
[ASHIYA]
How extraordinary!
With this hefty bounty
in addition
to our ever-so
generous paychecks,
our wallets will be
smiling for months!
I worry your joy is
clouding our predicament.
These won't fit
in the refrigerators.
How goes it, Chi?
We got a sweet delivery
from Komagane.
I wanted to give you
a quick call
just to say thanks to you
and your parents.
Yeah, could you put them on?
Hey, this is Maou!
First of all, thank you so much.
Uh-uh!
[URUSHIHARA] Just got a news
flash about our veggie villains.
"The suspects were
found responsible
for a series of produce thefts,
upon which they were charged
and turned over to the
public prosecutor's office."
"The young men who committed the
crimes were university students,
using their meager spoils
as fun money."
The sheer belligerence
of those cretins!
[URUSHIHARA] Apparently,
they were all messed up
after they were caught,
and started telling the officers
that they "saw a demon."
[ALAS RAMUS]
"She's gonna get me!"
[EMI]
Where is this supposed to go?
[ALAS RAMUS]
No, she won't!
You're not gonna bust
my bear, are you, Mama?
No busting?
Of course not.
Don't worry, bear.
Screw you, Maou!
I'll wring your scrawny neck
till your head pops off!
[ALAS RAMUS] Bear-Buster,
Bear-Buster, Bear-Buster,
Bear-Buster...
[EMI]
Hmm? Something's bugging me.
There isn't a crazy amount
of negative emotion here.
So how was Maou
able to transform?
Could it be the kappa?
What?
They say the exhibits in
that museum are genuine
and curated by ethnographers.
Perhaps he took
humanity's terror of kappa
accumulated over millennia
and converted it to magic.
Seems within reason.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama?
[EMI] I've been letting my guard
down around them a lot lately.
But there are several ways they
could regain their true power.
Even here in Japan.
[NEWSCASTER] Due to that,
the investigation is ongoing.
[phone ringing]
Howdy, stranger.
It's been a while!
[EMERADA]
I know! I'm so busy recently!
It's tricky
to find time to call.
Ah. Guess what,
I just got back from Nagano.
I did all kinds of farm work!
We harvested eggplants
and cucumber--
That's all great.
But there's something
I need to ask you.
Has Lailah dropped by recently?
Huh? Who's whom now?
Well, that's an odd reply.
Isn't Lailah your mother?
Huh?